B.Sc. Thesis Topic : **Mobile Store Management System**

**ABSTRACT**
The Mobile Store Management System can be seen as software that can become the backbone of a billing and inventory system for small organizations. The objective is to design an enhanced Mobile Management System (MMS) to manage mobile stores by any user without having prior in-depth knowledge of the computer system. This application is inspired by current pen and paper-based store management systems. Several methodologies were deployed to make this project a success. For instance, Structure System Analysis and Design (SSADM) Methodology was used in the system. The system was created using Java Programming language and MYSQL Database. The goal was to look for the minimum amount of information to meet the requirements.

M.Sc. Thesis Topic : **Integrating Linux Hosts into Active Directory Envi-ronments - A Threat to a Company’s Security Posture**

**ABSTRACT**
Integrating Linux hosts into Active Directory (AD) environments has become a common practice for companies that want a streamlined process in their IT operations and enhanced interoperability between several operating systems within the organization. While this trend has significant advantages regarding uncomplicated administrative tasks, centralized user management, and combined authentication, it also introduces several security threats that can destabilize a company's overall security posture. This master thesis inspects the vulnerabilities and problems of integrating Linux hosts into Active Directory environments. Key risks include increased attack surface, reconnaissance of the domain controller through the Linux host, AD service enumeration and exploitation using malicious payloads and packets, and potential exploitation of AD credentials. In addition, the difficulty in securing hybrid environments can give rise to several errors, misconfigurations, and omissions, further compromising the company's security posture. The master thesis also investigates best practices and mitigation strategies that could help to address these risks, such as encrypting all communications between the Linux and AD using TSL/SSL, reducing ticket lifetime to limit the ability of ticket reuse, employing robust access controls, regular monitoring, implementing advanced authentication mechanisms and Blocking unneeded traffic, ports, and scans, that can be used to send payloads from the Linux host to the AD Domain. By understanding and mitigating these security challenges, companies can better secure their AD-integrated Linux hosts and maintain a robust security posture.
